[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Some of
you might recognize Dr. Lauren
Cielo from his interview
with George Noory
as a psychic and
spiritual teacher.
At the time, Lauren was
a woman, and has since
transitioned into male.
This move through gender as
a bold and courageous act,
yet confusing to
many on the outside.
For more clarity,
we're going to engage
in a more universal conversation
about sexuality today.
Lauren, it's so
good to meet you.
You have the most--
I always take a breath
before the camera rolls,
and you have the
most beautiful energy
surrounding you, and in you.
So I'm really thrilled
to have you here.
And I'm so thrilled to get into
the topic of sexuality, which
we normally don't do
on our shows here,
because we're going to be
looking at it at levels that
are much more sublime than
what we ordinarily engage in.
>>LAUREN CIELO: It's
great to be here.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: And so first, if you
give us a little background,
for those who don't know
you, of your own story as--
first, as an engineer
and a brainiac,
into what you do today.
>>CIELO: Well, I did
start out as an engineer.
I was AT&T engineer
for quite some time.
And I just happened to stumble
onto a flyer at Whole Foods
about a psychic institute.
And you know, looking back,
I had really been trying--
I call it trying to have a
spiritual connection on Earth.
And so I-- drumming--
I was in a woman's healing
circles, I walked fire--
you know, I walked
the fire three times.
But it wasn't until I went
to that psychic institute
that I really had my first, what
I call a spiritual experience
here on Earth.
And it has to do with how you
psychically read-- you know,
how you align yourself
into your body.
And when that happened, I
realized, this is it for me.
So I ended up studying
for two years,
and then I started my own
business, Golden Rose.
I've been so blessed.
I've had students and
clients all over the world.
You know, one of
the things I think
is most interesting about
teaching someone to be psychic
is, you already are.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>CIELO: It's just to kind
of pull your awareness--
I think of myself as Jiminy
Cricket on your shoulder,
going, psst.
That was a psychic
impulse you just got.
It wasn't stream
of consciousness.
So my business has
been doing very well.
I've been so blessed to be
on many shows like yours.
It's great to be here.
But no one's ever
asked me, really,
to talk about gender or--
we always talk
about psychic stuff.
>>REGINA: Everything else.
>>CIELO: Yes, everything else.
So I was so glad to get a
chance to talk about it.
>>REGINA: Well,
I don't know why.
I mean, I just
listen intuitively,
and it came up that you
were the perfect person
to have this conversation
with, because you can look
at it from so many perspectives,
on such a complex level,
including from the universal
and intuitive levels.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so how are
you on your own journey,
before we begin?
>>CIELO: Yeah, well,
I'm about, really,
halfway through transitioning,
is what it's called.
And I've been on testosterone
for a year and a half.
I've had top surgery, which
is double mastectomies.
I had that six months ago--
wonderful surgeon, great job.
You know, my body's becoming
much more how I envisioned it.
So I have, I guess, about
another year and a half
before I'm fully done.
And the funny thing is, my
first whiskers are gray.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Yeah, you waited
a little late in the game
for this.
>>CIELO: Waited a little long.
>>REGINA: You don't
get a big black beard.
>>CIELO: Right, right.
But it's been a very
interesting process.
But I will say that I haven't
really freaked myself out yet,
you know?
I haven't woken up or
had something change
that freaked me out.
It seems that it's all
kind of been stepped,
and I'm very comfortable.
Even as I've been
changing so much,
it's still very,
very comfortable.
>>REGINA: Well, that has to be
because you're so integrated
in who you are as a being--
as a human being.
>>CIELO: That's probably true.
>>REGINA: I've watched
this personally,
and within my own family, where
my niece became my nephew,
and watching the
transition she went to,
and some of the really
challenging emotions
that have been
waving through her
in terms of her identity, which
really ended up being more
like an effeminate
or gay man, you know,
and happy to be so-- happy
in his skin, finally.
But it was challenging.
>>CIELO: That's really common
in the transgender community.
I don't really know
what the statistics
are, but out of my personal--
probably about 50% of females
that transition to male
will end up being gay men.
>>REGINA: Gay men, I know.
It's interesting,
because it's still
bringing all the
feminine qualities
into the man's express-- the
physical, manly expression.
>>CIELO: It's just
layers upon layers.
>>REGINA: It's
layers and layers.
That's why I wanted to talk to
you about this, because it's
so complex, and you're such
a beautiful soul to be able--
and you're so expressive,
and you're so open.
And one thing I
wondered, and this only
came in when I was
waking up this morning.
It's a question that
floated into my mind.
When you remove the breasts
from the female body,
for example, in this process,
you had a good surgeon,
you're integrated
as a soul, is there
any kind of spiritual healing
in that part of the process that
takes place?
>>CIELO: Well, you know, I did
a lot of energy work before.
Obviously, I'd been thinking
about transition for decades.
So I used the--
I call them psychic tools.
So I used a lot of psychic
tools to already start
changing my body.
So I worked on my
astral body, and so
I tried to keep my shoulders
broad and my hips narrow.
>>REGINA: Right, and did
your body start responding?
>>CIELO: Oh, yes.
I've always passed as
a male until I spoke.
And so that was-- that
was the thing that
made it so difficult
for me, because I'm very
sensitive to people's energy.
And when they would sir me,
and then I would start to talk,
there was this big retractions,
like, oh, I'm so sorry.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
and then confused.
That's what-- yeah, confused.
>>CIELO: Yeah, so I
could feel their pain.
And of course, it started
with using the men's room,
because the women just freaked
out when I would go in there.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>CIELO: I just hated
to upset them so much,
and the men didn't even notice.
So when my chest was
removed, I had already
been energetically changing it.
And as a matter of fact, it was
embarrassing to have breasts.
That's-- after looking back,
that's the word I would use.
It was embarrassing.
So I tried to hide, of course.
And when I think back
of all the mental energy
that I used to
hide it, you know?
This is how silly--
walking into a stiff wind
would make me so uncomfortable.
I would want to take
another-- isn't that crazy?
>>REGINA: Really?
Yeah.
>>CIELO: So that's
the biggest thing,
is I have so much more energy
not to be dealing with a body
that I didn't feel comfortable--
>>REGINA: The distract--
>>CIELO: Yeah, it
was distracting.
It was distracting.
>>REGINA: Well, and you're--
but you're also of such a high
level of personal development
and spiritual development.
So I can see where that--
using all of these tools
in advance, that
that makes sense.
>>CIELO: Well, you know, what
you mentioned about your niece,
now nephew, being born
transgendered is very, very
disorienting.
One thing, when I was born
in 1961, there were no words,
you know?
When I did come out to my
parents, I think about--
I'm 55 now, so about
53, and told them
I'm going to start
this process, you
know, they were very
supportive, first of all.
And they asked me when I knew,
and I said, three or four.
I said, did I ever say anything?
And you don't my dad said?
He goes, well, if you did,
we wouldn't have listened,
which is true.
I do remember saying
things, though.
I definitely do.
Like, I didn't wear
a shirt, you know?
I wanted to be a little boy.
I was very much a
tomboy, athlete, so yeah.
>>REGINA: It's
interesting, yeah.
OK, so in this
conversation, I thought
we would start on
the broadest levels.
And then anything you
choose to interject,
because sometimes
you might just--
I know that, well, first
of all, set this up.
You have already talked to
the beings who guide you.
>>CIELO: Yes, I have.
>>REGINA: And so I did
something I normally
don't do because of this,
which was to supply you
with the questions and
topics we'd be talking about
so you could get the
downloads and not
have to do it in any
inefficient way on camera.
So you'll be speaking
from your voice,
but from the knowledge that
has been gifted you, blended
with your own knowledge, and
understanding, and experience.
Is that a good way to say it?
>>CIELO: That is a very good
way to describe it, yes.
>>REGINA: OK, good.
So because of the
complexity that we're
coming in with sexuality
today, which we'll
go into more in
the human race, I
wanted to really understand
more about how sexual--
sexuality, and sexual
polarity, and gender
works throughout the universe,
and different examples
of how other species exist.
>>CIELO: Right, well,
it really comes down
to how complex the organism is.
So if we're talking
about, I don't
know, reptiles or
amphibians here, of course,
there's not too much--
you know, it's not too complex.
But in other inhabitable
places in the universe,
they're even more complex
than we are-- the organisms.
So that's why we
have-- here on Earth,
we have sex, which is either--
that's your chromosomes.
You're either XX or XY, and
we call that female and male.
And then we have all
the gender identities,
which there are so many.
It's how you feel.
You might feel like a woman,
you might feel like a man,
you might feel gender queer--
somewhere in between there--
or you might feel gender
neutral, like nothing.
And then the third category
is who you're attracted to--
sexuality.
So you can layer those
any way that you want to.
So some of the beings that
live out there actually
contain both the--
both parts needed to reproduce.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>CIELO: Yeah, so--
and it's not so much
that they reproduce the
way maybe animals do here,
like through parthenogenesis.
It's not like that.
It's not like they
just separate, divide.
You know, there's
really a way that they
impregnate themselves.
So that, once you
take reproduction out
of the interaction,
now you can really
get into the differences.
So this is the image
that Ankaijia--
that's my main
guide, say his name--
he showed me human sexuality as,
like, a mixing board of music.
And there's just
all of these things
that you can tune and change.
So I guess, the more
complex the organism,
the bigger the mixing board,
might be the way to say it.
So yeah, there are a lot of
different ways in the universe
to--
But again, it seems like once
you take out reproduction,
it's a--
the sky's the limit, really.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So was there any
specific culture
you were shown, that
you could give by way
of an example, of what that
was like, how that worked--
self reproduction, so to speak?
>>CIELO: Yeah, well,
it's almost like--
>>REGINA: Were they humanoid?
>>CIELO: Yes.
And it almost seems
like it's-- well,
it's so hard without context--
almost like a marsupial.
You know, the way the baby
grows in the little pouch?
So you kind of do
that to yourself.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CIELO: Yeah, so, and
that seemed to be--
like, when I tried to
see where that was,
it seemed to be really,
really far away from Earth.
And I think what's
really interesting is
that, as this
reality does change,
and we start to--
like, right now,
the group agreement
on this Earth plane
is not to have other
life in other planets.
The mainstream thought
is, there isn't, but we're
starting to chip away at it.
So as soon as the group
agreement changes, and now,
all of a sudden,
that's when, I guess,
you have what people
call disclosure.
That's when, all of a sudden,
we'll meet other life forms.
And that is going to
change everything for us,
because now, it may even take us
to another realm of the astral.
And I just need to say this--
that the Earth isn't real.
The Earth is a video game.
And I changed my
avatar in the game.
That's about it, right?
>>REGINA: Some people
call it a school.
Some people call it a game.
Either way, yeah.
>>CIELO: So this game vibrates
to about the fourth level
of the astral.
There's 12 layers.
So once we get disclosure
or contact, what that's
going to do, it's going to
move this replica, this game,
up to the vibration of
a higher astral plane.
So that's really what, maybe,
some people call ascension.
And I think that that's
really why you're starting
to see more people like me.
And I don't think I would have
come here if there wouldn't
have been the chance to--
and I don't really
think I'm male.
I don't think that at all.
I think I'm
somewhere in between.
But this physical
form allows me--
I'll tell you what
it does, Regina.
It allows more of me to
get into this vessel.
It's all about grounding.
I know that sounds really
weird, but in the male anatomy,
you tend to ground
from the testicles.
And in the female
anatomy, you tend
to ground from the ovaries.
So when you're
kind of in between,
it's very disorienting, and a
lot of my brothers and sisters
do have mental and emotional
illness because of it.
>>REGINA: Right, because
there's a high suicide
rate, so a lot to take on.
>>CIELO: I had the
great opportunity
to speak at the Gender Odyssey
Conference in Seattle in 2015,
and that was my only experience
with the transgender community,
and it was hard.
I mean, there is so
much pain and suffering.
So what we've done
at Golden Rose is,
I don't really interact with my
transgender siblings anymore.
We do like a bunch
of free meditations
that come out every month,
and they just download, but--
so I think the first
thing is, you've
got to be very, very
strong to even entertain
switching your gender,
because it's so disorienting.
But I do think that more and
more souls are coming here,
because it is possible.
Like, higher level souls
that might have gone,
yeah, I can't exist
in a female space,
and I can't exist
in a male space.
I've got to be able
to flow through.
So that is one of the reasons,
I think, why you see people,
I guess, like me coming here.
>>REGINA: Yes, and you
know, it's interesting.
About 30 years ago, I
was talking to the beings
that I deal with, that guide me.
And they were telling me
about the-- at this time,
AIDS was really
blossoming, right?
And I asked about this.
I said, how come there's such a
phenomena, a growing phenomena?
And I was living in the Castro
before that, in San Francisco,
right?
So I was very exposed to
the homosexual community,
and my coworkers were.
And I said, it seems that--
I know I'm in San Francisco.
Suddenly, there's
a proliferation
of people that are
openly stating and living
their sexual preference
as homosexual.
And they said, well, there's
actually a really very
simple reason for this.
To have come in times
past, outside of very much
more ancient times, was
a ticket, essentially,
to not only ridicule,
but even loss of life.
So it really has
not been possible
until the elevated thinking
occurred on the planet--
the greater acceptance
occurred for these entities
to come in and comfortably
be able to begin incarnating.
>>CIELO: It all goes back to
the male and female dynamic,
doesn't it?
Of control and domination.
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
and we're going
to get into that, and some
of what that's brought about.
So taking it out to an
even more universal level,
now, is that, if you
look at classical studies
in physics, for example,
that our known--
and I use the word
known universe,
because it might be
something quite different
when you get beyond our level of
understanding as human beings--
everything is
paired in polarity.
Electrons and protons, and
masculine, feminine, moon, sun,
light, dark, you know?
Heat, cold.
So how does sexuality, in your
perspective, figure into this.
If you're coming into
a more neutral position
within your body, how do these
kind of life-giving elements
of polarity play out?
>>CIELO: Well, again, I think
it depends on the organism.
The lower evolved the organism,
the, again, less complicated
reproduction is.
You may be able to do it
yourself, like a worm.
>>REGINA: Right, right, yeah
>>CIELO: But
definitely, to get--
it's all about getting a
really big genetic pool, see?
So that's why we've got
to mate with others,
so that we have this huge--
and that's the mixing
board of changing
all of the different
settings energetically.
So I feel--
>>REGINA: I mean, do you
still experience polarity
within yourself, it's just
that you flipped your polarity?
And we'll use you as an example.
>>CIELO: That's a
really good question.
That's really-- you know,
this is what I think.
I don't think that male
and female is dichotomy.
I don't think that.
>>REGINA: It should
be complimentary.
>>CIELO: Well, I
think, actually, male
might be a subset of female.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Explain that.
>>CIELO: We see it with--
well, we see it with
the chromosomes--
>>REGINA: Mm-hm, that's true.
>>CIELO: --XX, XY,
something broke off.
We see it in the names for those
conditions-- female and male.
Male is a subset of female.
And we also see it in woman
and man, in those words.
So there's something going on.
And I'm not saying at all
that XX people are any way--
you know, it's more beneficial
to have that container.
But I think that's where--
this is what I think
happened in ancient times,
that when, you know, I think
of it as the goddess retreated.
The female divine pushed away.
And then women could
still generate that.
They had it within them.
But now we have our brothers
that have no access to goddess.
And then that's when
we started to see,
like, monogamous marriage,
where you have to have a woman.
You need that energy.
But unfortunately, there was
a lot of things that we--
>>REGINA: That's
interesting, yes.
>>CIELO: Yeah, we
did a lot of things
to really tamp down the female
energy, which is the healer.
And I'll say this.
And I know what's
really out there,
and maybe you'll edit
this, I don't know.
But I think circumcision
is definitely--
has hampered--
>>REGINA: Oh, don't get
me going on that one.
I couldn't agree more.
And my son, when
he was a newborn,
that was the practice
at Kaiser Permanente.
It was just assumed,
and it was a practice,
and it's one of the few
regrets I have in my life,
is allowing that
to have happened,
because I think it has such
a deep, traumatic wound
to the masculine that can
never really be recovered.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
And the idea is, of course,
we need female orgasm.
That's the healing energy.
So unfortunately,
circumcision makes it
to where, usually, the woman
doesn't have an orgasm.
And I hate to say
it, but I think
that might have been intended,
in some ways, down the way,
because I know from my time,
women who are older than me--
I'm 55-- I think they
were non-orgasmic a lot,
or they didn't even know
they were having an orgasm.
And that is the biggest energy--
when I read clairvoyantly,
an orgasming Homo sapien
female is the highest vibration
on Earth I can see.
>>REGINA: Really?
>>CIELO: It is intense.
Well, of course, it's
meant to bring a soul here.
So I think that we've really
got to get back to that--
about that energy
of healing, and how
it can change everything.
>>REGINA: Oh, and
we're going to get
into some of the social
implications of that, too.
So in terms of-- and I
don't mean polarization,
but complimentary polarity, just
that allows the two to even be
attracted to each other, to
come together and such, yeah--
>>CIELO: And so what I
think is that, first, you
have self reproduction, and then
you get into two, like we are.
But then I think it
goes back to one,
where you actually impregnate
yourself when you want to.
Isn't that kind of interesting?
It is
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CIELO: But I also think that's
a different type of body--
not such a dense body,
because of genetics.
We need that big, big pool.
>>REGINA: You touched
on this a moment ago,
when you were talking
about the healing
capability of the
feminine, which
is, we'll talk about
a little bit later,
has been severely repressed.
And so what are the innate
spiritual attributes
of the masculine and feminine
from that point of view?
>>CIELO: Perfect.
Well, spiritually,
we don't have gender.
Spirit-- there's
only one energy.
But when we go to
the soul level,
it's very interesting,
because you'll pick the body,
you'll pick the
place, and you'll
pick the time that will allow
your higher self to experience
what it wants to learn.
And sometimes it might
be in a male body,
in a certain time, in
a certain place, where
whatever that experience
of being male is,
that's what you're looking for.
And then other times, you might
incarnate in a female body,
in another environment,
because that's
what you're going to learn.
So when you think
about how we've
been incarnating for the
last 2,000, 3,000 years,
probably, everybody's
had a shot at both sides.
So I believe that
when we incarnate,
we'll look and find the most--
well, I don't want to say
perfect, but best circumstance
to have those nuances
that we're looking for.
I really think that the
frequencies of energy
are more nuanced
now than before.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm, I agree.
>>CIELO: And I think, maybe,
that's one reason why XX
chromosome people--
I mean, it's just
so touchy-feely.
I mean, I can feel
everything, you know?
>>REGINA: Right, right.
And often, I've found--
I used to do--
I had a little hypnotherapy
clinic years ago.
I got my certification,
but it was just
something I could always do
quite easily with people,
and I worked a lot with past
lives-- people and past lives.
And one thing I
noticed, though, is
there would almost always
be some point at which they
incarnated the opposite sex,
but tended to continue down
one path or the other.
>>CIELO: I do think that.
I do think that.
And I I'll tell you why,
because being in body
is very vulnerable.
So once you get into one
type that you can fill up,
I think that's inviting--
I think it's security.
That's what I think.
>>REGINA: That makes sense.
It's the familiar,
because I often
wondered, why is it that
the last couple of thousand
years of patriarchal
dominance, and the quashing
of the feminine
essence on almost
every level of expression--
why would people like myself
have continued and continued
to incarnate as female?
Which most women you see
you have chosen to do that.
I know we didn't talk
about this off camera,
I didn't ask you to talk
to your guides about this,
but I think you just
answered it, right?
>>CIELO: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: It's
mostly because that's
what we're familiar with.
>>CIELO: That's what
we're familiar with.
>>REGINA: It becomes, like,
an embedded role, so to speak,
to play out in the Earth game.
>>CIELO: Yeah, and I think
that it's all internal.
Like, I don't know what it's
like to have XY chromosomes.
I have no idea what
that feels like inside.
I do know what XX feels
like, and like I said,
it's like filing
your fingernails
down so you can crack a safe--
a lot of sensitivity.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, how about the very
beginning of humanity?
There are a lot of stories about
the origins of the species,
and you talk a lot about
consciousness versus the animal
body.
How did this play out, to
start grooming ourselves
to where we are now, in the very
beginning of the human species?
>>CIELO: Well, I do think
that souls attempted
to incarnate in the
highest life form on Earth,
as that was evolving
and changing.
So I think that, at
the time that maybe we
were a little more animal,
that that's when we really
started to divide the sexes.
For one thing, menstruation--
if you're a little hominid,
and half of you start bleeding,
well, guess who's going
to chase you down?
Big tigers.
So it had to separate out.
So the women left
the immediate area,
where the children
and men were, so they
wouldn't get gobbled up.
And what I was shown is
that they climbed up trees--
so they hid up in the trees.
And once they did that, they had
time alone, and they started--
I don't know if
they were talking,
but they started communicating.
They started, I
think, what was maybe
the basis of social interaction.
And so I also don't think that
there was that big a difference
between male and female then.
You know, I think a lot of the
ferociousness of the female
has been bred out--
>>REGINA: Exactly,
because in those times,
just like in a lot
of animal species,
the females are
the ferocious ones.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: They are the
hunters, huntresses.
>>CIELO: I believe that.
And I also think that,
while a lot of theories,
like the aquatic ape theory--
I don't know if you
ever heard that--
>>REGINA: Oh, yes, I--
yes, I have read those books.
>>CIELO: Yeah, so
that's what I think.
When I ask my guides, it
is very close to that,
that it was the female
essence that was separated out
from the rest of the
tribe that really
started to change things.
And I think, in those
times, females were--
well, they had babies.
That was magic.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>CIELO: So it wasn't--
I don't think it was till later
on when things started to get--
>>REGINA: It wasn't social.
It was much later that the
social implications of this
came in.
Would you say, then--
OK, so we just
laid the foundation
for the more
primitive, basic ways
in which we were functioning.
And then, as we started
developing in societies,
we started having
dysfunction and insecurities
around our sexuality.
Can you talk about
the inception of that?
>>CIELO: Well I do think it's--
it has to do with divinity.
I mean, once humans
got to the point
where they were going to
make something divine,
I do think it was
female at first.
But when that changed-- and
I think it was energetic,
you know?
The planet just moved
into a new place
in space that was the energy.
So the female principle
got kind of squashed,
and it hasn't done us any
good whatsoever-- not at all.
>>REGINA: So here we are, acting
in a very natural fashion,
in our most primitive
form-- early human species--
and we're having sex, and
babies are popping out,
and women are climbing trees and
communicating with each other,
and it's just accepted, as it
would be in any other species.
And now we have--
then started emerging
these kinds of anxieties,
and insecurities,
and possessiveness,
and such around sex.
It's long before
there are really,
even, any societal structures.
How did that come about?
>>CIELO: I think it
had to do with, again,
trying to dominate the
female, and deciding
who would impregnate who.
So once the social structure
did really start to pan out,
and this female energy--
this global female energy
was leaving, all of a sudden,
you had to grab a
woman, and-- you know,
so you could have that
great goddess energy.
>>REGINA: Yes, and you
know, that's interesting.
This is going to
bring us up to--
I'll go back to this
line of questioning,
but it's an observation
I've made before,
and that is, when you look
statistically at men and women
after divorce, the
men are much quicker
to get into a new relationship
than are the women.
And sometimes, the
women will even
choose not to get into a
relationship again, ever
or for a long time,
but the men are more
compelled, within a very
short period of time,
generally, if possible,
given the opportunity,
to have an intimate
relationship with a woman again.
And this is what you
were speaking of?
>>CIELO: Well, and
I do, and I think,
probably, the first
societies were matriarchal.
So basically, you could have
as many babies as you wanted.
The land and property were
passed through the female line.
But once we wanted to
captivate one woman,
now, that really kind
of tied men's hands.
Before, they could just go,
and have all that fun, and--
>>REGINA: Be with
who they want to.
>>CIELO: Be with-- And the woman
would decide whether he would
become a husband, which,
the word husbandry means--
much different when you think--
talk about animal husbandry.
That means to caretake.
Right So that's really what
the word husband means.
So I think that, once--
and it did have to do with the
energy that became religion--
once we started
dividing and conquering,
and those kids
better belong to him,
I think that's what
changed it all.
That's what made sex bad.
You know, there was now
really narrow restrictions
on who could have sex
with who, and what
would be done with the
results of those-- you know,
the babies that were born.
So that's what I think--
I think it came from, first,
an energetic shift, that
became a social shift,
that became a personal--
>>REGINA: Then gave birth
to religion, really.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Which is interesting,
because, you know, oftentimes,
as women, when we're
looking at the subject
of the lowered,
or damaged, aspect
of patriarchal structure, right?
We look at the deleterious
effect it's had on females.
But it had just as
deleterious effect on men.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: I mean, we lost-- you
hear about the pagan rituals
and such--
May 1st, and Beltane,
and all of that,
which sounded like a
good time was had by all.
[LAUGHTER] But then you take--
you bring religion into it, and
the men had to, more or less,
resort to either
shadowy behavior--
you know, they were considered
to lack an integrity
if they were to wander
away from the marriage.
Yet the people at the top did
whatever they wanted always,
whether it was the clergy,
royalty, and so forth.
>>CIELO: And these rules,
these restrictions,
they just made it hard for both
of-- both male and female--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CIELO: --and the children
that come from the union, yeah.
>>REGINA: So if you were to look
at it from that point of view,
the whole notion of
monogamy, really--
there's heart monogamy,
there's physical monogamy--
there's a lot of different
levels of monogamy,
from spirit to physical.
How would you see a healthy
human society function best?
>>CIELO: You know, well,
I think it would depend
on the individuals in
the society-- of course,
what's comfortable
for some might
be not comfortable for others.
But I think that this is
probably one of the revolutions
that you're going to
see on the planet.
We already are, right?
Yeah, that's probably what
we're talking about today.
So it is a really exciting
time to reconstitute--
that's what I feel like,
is a reconstitution
of energies that have been
divided out so abruptly,
with razor--
you know?
So I think we would all--
>>REGINA: And with
cold-heartedness
and mean-spiritedness.
>>CIELO: Yeah, I think there's
a lot of things in relationship.
I think there's the
energetic healing that
comes from having sex together.
I think there's
the heart feelings
that you get when you're
really close to someone.
I don't think that
sex necessarily
has to be a heartfelt thing.
I think it could be
like running, you know?
I don't really love
my running partner,
but I'm going to run
with them, you know?
So I think that's huge--
the gambit's huge.
But the most important
thing is language.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
>>CIELO: Well, we've
got to be able to name
these nuanced energies.
And I find myself
in readings all
the time going, well, I'm going
to say this and then back off.
Well, I'm going to nibble
around the edges, I'll say.
And then I usually say it was
because I was an engineer,
and I don't have
a huge vocabulary.
But it'll take a long time to
describe an energy that's so--
>>REGINA: Complex.
>>CIELO: Yes.
So a lot of times, it just
takes a lot of communication,
and maybe some new words.
Maybe we'll have new words.
Well, transgender is huge.
I mean, that was one of the
things, when I was young--
I couldn't wrap my
head around what I
was, because there was no word.
So I think you'll see a lot more
vocabulary words coming out.
>>REGINA: And it does-- we need
to have new languaging so we
can create more familiar
conceptual thinking on it.
>>CIELO: And the number-one
thing is, it's not a dichotomy.
I think that the planet
is leaving dichotomy--
left and right, black
and white, it's--
>>REGINA: It's
becoming more nuanced.
Life is become more
refined and nuanced.
>>CIELO: And I hate--
and I may hate to say this,
but you got to be educated.
You know, read-- read
people or read books.
But you just really
have to open your mind.
>>REGINA: And yet we live
off of the collective
of our subconscious mind,
incarnation after incarnation.
So we have a couple
thousand years
of this current pattern
that we've been in,
that we're just
now busting out of.
>>CIELO: And you know
what I think it is?
I think-- I do
think that's true,
but I also think
that it's our vessel.
The body chakras and
aura are programmed.
And each little
bit of information
that you pick up along the way--
oh, you throw like
a girl, you know?
Those little things,
they're in you.
So a lot of what I did
to break free of that
is, I started to
release any programming.
I want to make this
vessel the vibration
where my higher self can
have the experiences it
wants to have.
I mean, the last--
I called it gender meltdown.
And I would go through it, you
know, maybe every three or four
years, where I would--
>>REGINA: What happened?
>>CIELO: Well, I'd really have
to look and go, are you a man
or are you a woman?
And it would terrify me.
The last one I had before I
finally decided was the worst.
I thought, you
know, I'm panicking.
I'm in a panic--
full panic attack.
So it takes time.
And so all of that
hatred, that self-hatred,
or thinking that
you're dirty, or that--
it's programmed in.
>>REGINA: Especially with women.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Self-loathing is
almost secondary to being
incarnated as a female.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: How did that happen?
>>CIELO: Well, I think it's--
I think it was from the
social context, absolutely.
If we-- if XX chromosome
people have this wide array
of energies they can run,
and then it's cramped down
into only the things that
the ex-wives won't do--
so instead of being at
the top, the female energy
moved over to the side--
>>REGINA: Oh, you mean
like dishes and cooking?
[LAUGHTER]
>>CIELO: So I do think it's
a disfavor for anyone running
female energy not to
realize that everything
is female energy.
It all is.
>>REGINA: It's at the base.
It's the base-- mater--
it's a base of the
material world.
>>CIELO: And it doesn't mean--
>>REGINA: On a spiritual level.
>>CIELO: And right now on the
planet, anyone can run it.
Like, my great-grandfather could
have never stopped the children
from crying.
It's not that he didn't want to.
He didn't know how.
Now my nephew, who's expecting
a little girl in August,
he absolutely will
be able to do it.
He can run female energy,
and he probably doesn't even
know when he's doing it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, one of the
anxieties, I think,
that is one of those things
that has to be transformed
is this deep feminine wound
and fear of abandonment.
Because in past
times, the feminine
was so hooked to the masculine
for basic survival, of course,
as we understand our history,
they were quite replaceable.
And you could be replaced
at the drop of a hat.
And usually, it just took
some-- a newer, or younger,
or something woman to come into
the tribe, or to the scene,
or to the circle socially,
and you would be--
you could be dropped like that.
Thus, all your
security dries up.
So women got into an
incredibly unhealthy patterns
of trying to maintain
that thing they think
is going to be desired.
Can you please talk
about that a bit?
Because it's the bane of
the feminine existence.
>>CIELO: Yeah, the 2016 election
totally showed us that through
all that hatred--
that hatred of self, hatred of
feminine, we got what we got,
which will change
things very quickly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we'll talk
about that in a minute
and see what your guides
have had to say about that.
I interviewed one
of our interviewees
named Belinda Womack--
lovely, lovely woman who
speaks with the archangels
on a very high level.
And she brought this up, the
election, this period of time.
And I said, what is the
opportunity in this?
And she said, this is
serving as a purging
of the mass subconscious.
And then looking at it
a little bit further--
and this isn't
about politics, this
is about the human species--
Donald Trump has no
filters when he speaks.
So he speaks whatever
is in his subconscious.
It just comes out.
>>CIELO: Stream of
consciousness, yeah.
>>REGINA: And a stream
of consciousness which
has been incredibly offensive
to almost everybody,
at one point or another.
But what it's almost
doing is serving,
it seems, as a surrogate
for these same wounds that
are unhealed, and
dark tendencies
within our mass psyche.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
A lot of times, my guides say,
OK, well, you have the choice.
You have the feather
or the brick.
So I guess, as a
collective, we thought
we would get more forward
movement from a brick.
>>REGINA: And we probably will.
>>CIELO: Probably not
people like you and I.
>>REGINA: No, but at large--
at large, there'll be more
movement, more action,
reaction, action, reaction.
It's going to ping back and
forth so people can, I think,
take a look at what's really
happening inside of themselves,
because it all comes
back to that, right?
>>CIELO: Right.
They're still in
competition to not
be the one that gets
set to the side.
They're still actively--
>>REGINA: This is a
deep programming in us.
>>CIELO: Yes, absolutely.
So I think--
>>REGINA: It makes women
compete with each other--
>>CIELO: In catty ways.
>>REGINA: --in catty ways.
>>CIELO: And not be close--
not be emotionally close.
So I really think
that what's going
to happen-- this is how I
think it metaphysically works.
You have all this
information in your field,
and then you see something.
You get stimulated in some
way, and then that information
starts to light up.
You're looking at it.
So when I watch Donald Trump, I
light up like a Christmas tree.
I'm looking at those things
of, you know, come on, gals,
take all your power back.
You can do it.
>>REGINA: You have
something, now, to react to.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Reaction isn't
as refined as response.
To respond to is
a different level,
but reaction will
do for now, right?
>>CIELO: Exactly.
And what I try to do, and I
think it's helped me maybe
move forward, is any--
this is how it used
to work at the water
cooler in engineering.
>>REGINA: How did
that work for you?
Did you feel more male or
female during this time?
>>CIELO: Boy, I was on
the outside, big time.
>>REGINA: You were
just on the outside.
So you didn't necessarily
go through some of these--
the camaraderie of the
guys about the women.
But you also didn't
necessarily go
through that kind of catty
and competitive aspect
that women do.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
But the thing that
would really bother me
was when there would be,
you know, blonde jokes.
Blonde jokes drove me
crazy, because they
weren't blonde jokes.
They were blonde woman jokes.
And so I would hear them, and I
would get so upset, and I was--
I was a bitch.
I just said what
I thought, and--
>>REGINA: How'd that go down?
>>CIELO: Well, um--
[LAUGHTER] --not
so well at times.
But what I realized,
metaphysically,
what I was doing is, I was
contracting in these people
to poke at my issues
with being female.
So they would say something,
and I would just go ballistic.
So what I did, I started
to do, is say, OK, well I'm
not going to confront
them anymore.
Once they light me
up, is what I call it,
I'm going to go off
to my altar, and I'm
going to say, OK, guides,
that information in my space,
that's lighting up when they say
that, I want you to remove it.
And so over time, I never
heard any more blonde jokes.
And the reason why was because I
didn't get any more healing out
of them.
I had already shifted.
>>REGINA: And so
they-- it just started
dissipating within
your coworkers.
>>CIELO: So it-- yeah, and so
if I did hear anything like it,
instead of going, I can't
believe you, I would go,
oh, you must have a problem with
women, that you would say that.
I didn't light up anymore.
So that's how I
think women today
can start to take
back their power,
is every single time a man
makes you feel less than,
is use your guides and angels.
Remove that information, and
then the next time somebody
comes at you, you
won't feel that way.
You'll just be like,
oh, gosh, his mom
didn't teach him very well.
All of a sudden, it's about
them and not about you.
>>REGINA: And then
how would you guide
women who are in a
relationship of some kind--
new relationship,
old relationship--
but who have this
baseline subconscious fear
of abandonment on some level?
Like their world's
going to be rocked,
or they're going to be replaced?
>>CIELO: Well, I
would think-- and I'm
very good at
relationships, personally--
but I would think,
go to your partner
and tell them what
you're thinking,
and see if they're
on board, because you
might have to jump ship.
Yeah, and I do think that,
with the country, the way
it's going to be for the next
four years, a lot of people
may look at their
own personal life
and maybe jump
ship a little bit.
So I would start by
talking to your partner,
and telling them how you feel,
and seeing if they're on board.
But then you really are going
to have to take care of yourself
and do your own energy work.
>>REGINA: You are,
and you also have
to allow yourself to be
very vulnerable in doing so.
These aren't things
we talk about anymore.
They're so embedded within--
it's just part of a
subtle, little discomfort
in the landscape
of feeling, right?
And to bring it to the surface
and understand the antiquity
behind that is a--
because I've been through that--
is a very vulnerable process.
>>CIELO: And it could
be very volatile.
>>REGINA: And can be very
volatile, and it can be very--
if you're lucky, and you're
in a wonderful relationship,
incredibly bonding and healing.
And you can go
deeper and deeper.
>>CIELO: And I think, if
you have a lot of energy
that you have to push through--
that's what I call it.
It feels like I push through
energy to get to things.
You know, when I left home, I--
obviously, I was
under a lot of duress.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>CIELO: Yeah, and I had
a huge emotional outburst.
And I had never--
we didn't have emotions.
So I had this huge release.
I mean, if you were to
watch me, it was hysterics.
And I thought, I'm broken.
That's it.
I'm crazy.
And I didn't realize, and I
don't think a lot of people
realize that that's the way
you get through the energy.
If it's a lot, and if it's
really stymieing who you are,
you're going to have eruption
after eruption, but it's OK.
>>REGINA: It needs to come out--
>>CIELO: It needs to come out.
>>REGINA: --just like
that mass subconscious
has to be expressed.
And if Donald Trump is
expressing it for people,
so they can just kind
of ride on it until they
get to feel it in
all its expressions,
then that's a good thing.
>>CIELO: I agree, I agree.
I don't think there
is good or bad.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
no, I understand.
There's just opportunity
for growth and learning.
>>CIELO: And experience.
>>REGINA: That's
it-- and experience.
That's it.
So what I was talking
about, about that kind
of deep psychic wound
within the feminine,
the masculine version of it--
I'm not a man.
I haven't been
one, much, at all,
but I'm just
guessing, would have
to do with the notion of having
to be the one that knows,
and is in control, and can
manage things, and take
the responsibility
for everyone, which
slipped over into dominance
in a lot of cases.
But from your
point of view, what
does that burden,
that secret burden
within the man that you're
aware of, look like?
>>CIELO: Well, I think
chromosomally, they know--
they know that
something broke off.
And so, could you imagine--
>>REGINA: So it's
overcompensation,
all the control, or--
>>CIELO: Well, I
think it's unfair.
And I think the most
unfair is alpha males.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CIELO: Here, we have
stripped a human from fear.
I was reading-- I very rarely
read alpha males, to tell you
the truth, but I
remember reading one,
and he said, why
is this happening?
Why can't I do this?
And he had this
whole laundry list.
And every single time he asked
a question, his higher self
said, I'm afraid, I'm
afraid, I'm afraid.
So--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
That's--
>>CIELO: So by the time he
got done doing his dump,
I said, well, honey,
you're afraid.
And you know what he said?
He goes, I'm not
afraid of anything.
>>REGINA: Wow, what a program.
>>CIELO: So yeah, so the
energy-- he doesn't even
know the energy.
He calls it something else.
And maybe it's
courage or something--
I don't know.
But it's fear.
It's 100% fear.
And we and then we push him
right out onto the front line.
It's terrible-- it's a terrible
thing to do to a human.
>>REGINA: OK, that brings
up a good question.
From the various readings
you've done through time,
is war going to become
obsolete in the human species?
>>CIELO: Gosh, I hope.
>>REGINA: I hope too.
>>CIELO: But I'll tell you what.
It really comes down
to how you get growth.
And I think we're moving
from growth through conflict
to growth through curiosity.
>>REGINA: That would be a
huge evolution for humanity.
>>CIELO: I think it would.
And we already see it, like,
with Donald Trump, right?
I mean, he's not
hurting me physically,
but I hear the things
he says, and I light up.
So I'm getting a great
healing, but there's
no hand-to-hand combat.
So I do think that
we will move past it,
but I'll tell you what.
The Earth is dividing.
We all are not going to
incarnate in the same space.
>>REGINA: OK, that's interesting
you should bring it up.
It's something I
never talk about,
but I've been aware
for the last 30 years.
And every now and
then, I'll just kind of
allude to it a little bit
by way of support of someone
else who's come up with it.
It's a scenario that I've
known about for a long time,
and it's absolutely
fascinating, because it
has to do with our
regression or progression
on a spiritual-frequency-based
level, just as you speak of.
And it's this kind of
dual-Earth scenario.
>>CIELO: And
metaphysically, what
it would look like is,
this Earth is, like I said,
is a replica of level
four of the astral.
And on level four, you
get all of your growth
through friends and family.
So Homo sapiens are the
most vicious, and yet
the most social, animals.
So we do this.
So the next vibration up, we
won't do that to get growth.
We'll just go, oh, who are you?
Oh, wow, you just changed
me through curiosity.
But it does mean moving
up the chakra system.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Interesting.
I want to go to the subject of--
you brought it up earlier,
about females and orgasm--
women and orgasms,
and the potential--
looking at it,
your guides talking
about this on a really
energetic level,
about the potentials
that are available to us
during human orgasms.
>>CIELO: Yeah, I think it's
important to stay in that
field--
in that orgasmically generated
energy field-- stay in there.
You know, I don't know what
other people's practices are,
if you just get it
done and get up.
But lay in it, and even
use it with intention.
Just like when people--
>>REGINA: That was
my next question.
Let's talk about that.
>>CIELO: Yeah, well, people
go to their yoga mats
with intention, you know?
So I think, whether
you're with someone else
or whether you're just
generating the orgasmic energy
yourself, do it
with mindfulness,
just like a spiritual
person would do anything.
But that energy, I'm telling
you, it can it can heal you.
It can heal the world.
>>REGINA: Yes, I-- years
ago, I was in Europe,
in the mid-'80s,
doing a series on--
it wasn't called energy
medicine at the time,
but it was on color
therapy acupuncture.
I was going to the top people
in the world with my camera,
you know?
My cameraman, doing this--
of course, it was about
20, 30 years too early.
But nonetheless, as
I was doing this,
I came into contact
with an anthroposophist
who had been connected with
Rudolf Steiner University named
Theo Gimbel, a British
man, who handed me
this little booklet on just
what you were speaking of,
about the incredible
creative potential of two
partners having--
setting a very clear
intention together for-- it
could be anything.
It could be for anything
in the world at all.
It could be for their own
self-healing or growth,
or for that of someone
else, or for that
of a whole solar system,
during the process
of having an orgasm.
>>CIELO: And if the male and
female can have the orgasm
at the same time, the
female energy erupts
into the universe, and the
male energy drives right
into the Earth--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>CIELO: --grounds it right in.
So you know, as above is below.
So it would be
well worth our time
to spend more time studying
that and working that energy.
>>REGINA: And yet, at
this time in history,
the boys have become
more and more withdrawn,
more addicted to technology.
The girls have become
more ambitious--
college rates, job entry,
everything is now skewed--
starting to skew pretty
heavily toward the female.
And so what have your guides
had to say about that?
I mean, the boys are just
kind of lost right now.
There are no real models for
what it means to be a man.
>>CIELO: Well, I think that's
one reason why so many boys are
raised by their mothers
now, because if you look
at the difference between
somebody raised by just
a woman--
a male-- versus somebody--
a male raised by--
they're totally different.
They're much more verbal--
I mean, they talk,
talk, talk, talk, talk.
They can express themselves.
So I think that's
it-- mothering.
I think mothering
the next generation--
and it's already happening.
>>REGINA: So in other words, not
having any dominant influence
for this little
window of history,
by the old patriarchal
view of masculinity,
you believe, is actually
helping them grow new parts that
will be helpful in reintegrating
back with the girls
again one day?
>>CIELO: Oh, absolutely,
because think of--
I heard this thing on
NPR about masculinity,
and it said that a lot of the
post-World War II masculinity
was based on that war.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>CIELO: And now, like, men
have more beauty products.
Men wax their eyebrows.
My brother asked me 10 years
ago-- hey, is that guy gay?
I'm like, I can't tell.
Gaydar is dead.
So I do think the youngest
generation of men-- you know,
19 through 25--
>>REGINA: Called
metrosexual a lot of times.
>>CIELO: Metrosexuals,
they are definitely
running a full set of
female energy, overlaid
to a male body.
And that gets
really interesting.
That's why all the labels are
skewing, like we said before.
>>REGINA: That's I
wanted to talk about,
is, where do you see us going
from here, considering what
you've just said, where
the men are developing
more feminine abilities,
access to the feminine-- more
nurturing aspect of
themselves, for example,
or more connected with beauty?
>>CIELO: Well, I
think, socially--
I mean, could you
imagine if everyone--
you really couldn't tell
what gender you were?
I mean, the
fashions, the makeup,
unless somebody
was bulging really
big in one part or the other,
you really couldn't tell?
You were just interested in
how their energy overlaid
their body in some way.
So that becomes so
much more interesting.
You wouldn't even
know until the moment
whether you could possibly
conceive with that person
or not.
So that really separates
out sexual attraction
from reproduction.
It's completely separate--
separating out, yeah.
>>REGINA: So you're
talking about a finer
type of, if you want to
call it, soul attraction.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
It's that huge mixing board.
And the mixing board
gets bigger and bigger.
Before, it was two things--
male or female.
And now-- and that's not nuanced
enough for people like you
and I. I mean, you run
a lot of male energy.
You decide what to create,
and then you create it,
and that's really the
male and female energy--
the male energy directs, and
the female energy creates.
And so I decide what
I'm going to create.
I decide what I'm going
to create, and I do it.
And so do you.
And so do men--
biological men.
But I think, really,
understanding
the energy of male and
female-- and it's not
masculine and feminine.
That is a social context.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
And how about-- we just
have a few minutes left.
How about yourself?
You've been through all
these incredible changes,
and you're so disarmingly
and beautifully open,
on all levels, in
talking with us.
And what do you see
as your soul's mission
in this lifetime?
>>CIELO: Oh, god.
>>REGINA: What does that look
like from above, so to speak?
>>CIELO: Well, like I
said, more of Lauren
is coming into this vessel.
It's grounded-- you know,
I come from electronics,
so my grounding-- my
ground was floating.
So when a signal isn't
grounded, it bops up and down,
and you don't-- you might
get a lot of static.
You really can't get it to
move in a predictable fashion--
>>REGINA: It's not
as cohesive, right.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
So by shifting this form through
hormones-- and the surgery,
I think that was more for
my comfortability, you know?
>>REGINA: Could you have done
this without the surgery,
or would it have just had
that whole distraction
of that embarrassment
all the time?
>>CIELO: Actually, it
was the top surgery
that got me down the path.
I wasn't sure I would
go on testosterone.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK, OK.
>>CIELO: Yeah, but
actually, the way
it was, it was much
easier to get testosterone
than it was to get top surgery,
through the medical thing,
yeah.
But I think, when more
of me is in this vessel,
then I think I'll know.
It's almost like how
we were talking before.
If you don't have words
to describe a concept--
like, we were talking
about reading.
And like sometimes,
I read stuff--
I have no idea what it is.
I have no context.
So that's how I feel about
being in body at this time.
You know, a couple more years,
and I think, as much of me
can get into this
vessel as possible,
and I still have some things
that get in the way of my work.
And I think those things--
for one thing, I don't
type very fast, you know?
So I think, you know,
more of me will come in,
and then I'll really
be cooking, to see
what I'm really here to do.
But I think it's about
freedom, don't you?
>>REGINA: I do, I do.
>>CIELO: Just like, to just
let everybody break down
those walls.
>>REGINA: Let everyone define
themselves the way they wish.
Be it patriarchal,
masculine, you
know, uber-feminine,
it doesn't matter.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Or whether
it's anything in between,
to be free to express
what it is you
want to express in
this incarnation.
>>CIELO: And to be loving and
communicative like how you feel
I'm so open with the dialogue.
It's not scary-- it's
not scary in any way.
>>REGINA: That's very true.
So tell us a little
bit, because we just
have a couple of minutes left--
your profession,
what you do is, you
help people connect with
that deeply intuitive aspect
of self.
Talk about this a little
bit, and really, what you
have to offer people.
>>CIELO: Oh, thanks.
>>REGINA: Through
the Golden Rose.
>>CIELO: Right,
through Golden Rose.
Well, of course, I teach
people to read energy.
And that's what people
call being psychic.
All of our chakras read energy.
And in doing that--
this is what I think.
Once I learn to read
energy, I can read anything.
It's like if I teach
somebody to read a book,
they can read any-- on
any subject they want.
Well, the same is true
with energy, you know?
So I think there's a lot of
things that the training does.
It allows you to
read other people.
It allows you to know where
you end and other people begin.
And that's the first step--
>>REGINA: That's a big one.
>>CIELO: --in reading someone.
You've got to know,
wait, is this me or them?
>>REGINA: Yeah, whose thought
is this going through my head?
>>CIELO: Exactly.
And then once you know
how the universe works,
then you can change
how the universe works.
And that's what I did.
I took out all the
engineering information
that I had been raised
with and put in,
I'm a professional psychic.
So one morning, that
hit critical mass,
and I didn't get in my
car and fight the commute
to get to a high-tech company.
I walked from my bedroom
into my meditation room
and started doing readings.
So it really can happen.
All you have to do
is shift the energy.
>>REGINA: But
you're also a being
that has an innate understanding
of the proper use of will
within this.
Many people--
>>CIELO: You're right.
>>REGINA: --do not.
This is the missing ingredient.
>>CIELO: And I won't give up.
I won't.
But I'm also very
patient with myself.
I always think I'm healing
with every beat of my heart,
so it's just a slow drip.
>>REGINA: Right, well,
healing beautifully.
And again, it's
just so delightful.
I'd heard that you
were delightful,
and it is absolute delight
to sit here with you.
Thank you so much for
coming on the show.
>>CIELO: Thank you, Regina.
Thank you.
To connect with Dr. Cielo
for personal consultations,
or for his course, the
Golden Rose Psychic Services,
you can go to laurencielo.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]